X.509 path validation decoupling & sign/seal validation addition (#110)
APTITUDE-Consortium/wp2-trust-specifications: docs/topics/trust-evaluation.md

> This section describes the **Trust Evaluation Process**, which establishes trust between two interacting entities by ensuring that their identities are verified against a recognized Root of Trust and that they are eligible to perform a particular operation (e.g., issuing or requesting an <credentials:Attestation> of a certain type). This process comprises four distinct sub-processes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the **Trust Evaluation Process**, which establishes trust between two interacting entities by ensuring that their identities are verified against a recognized <artifacts:Trust Anchor> and that they are eligible to perform a particular operation (e.g., issuing or requesting an <credentials:Attestation> of a certain type). This process comprises four distinct sub-processes:
```
